Add announcement role (announcement@v1) (#126)
Resonate-Protocol/spec: roles/announcement/v1.md

- `announcement`: object
  - `state?`: 'playing' | 'idle' - whether announcement audio is currently being output. SHOULD be sent on transitions
  - `required_lead_time_ms?`: integer - minimum startup lead time in milliseconds for the announcement pipeline (codec init, decode warmup, mixer attach), measured like the player's [`required_lead_time_ms`](../player/v1.md#client--server-clientstate-player-object). When absent, the server SHOULD assume a conservative default (500 ms is recommended)

### Server → Client: `stream/start` announcement object

The `announcement` object in [`stream/start`](../../messaging.md#server--client-streamstart) has this structure:

- `announcement`: object
  - `codec`: string - codec to be used
  - `sample_rate`: integer - sample rate to be used
  - `channels`: integer - channels to be used
  - `bit_depth`: integer - bit depth to be used
  - `codec_header?`: string - codec header encoded as standard Base64, if necessary (e.g., FLAC)

>   - `media_duck_db?`: integer - reduction in decibel (range 0-50, default 0) to apply to this client's own media output while the announcement stream is active. 0 means no ducking

Reviewer: Mention what the db is relative to (amplitude, 20*log10), the player role is explicit about its scale too.

  - `duck_ramp_ms?`: integer - ramp duration in milliseconds (range 0-2000, default 100) for both applying and releasing the ducking
  - `volume?`: integer - range 0-100. When present, the client SHOULD render the announcement at the loudness that master volume `volume` would produce, regardless of the current master volume (see [Mixing and Ducking](#mixing-and-ducking)). When absent, the announcement follows the current master volume

The format MUST be one the client listed in its [`supported_formats`](#client--server-clienthello-announcementv1-support-object).

Re-sending `stream/start` with an `announcement` object while an announcement stream is active updates the configuration without clearing buffers (e.g., to change the duck level mid-announcement); a new `media_duck_db` target ramps from the current gain. To replace the announcement audio itself, the server MUST first send [`stream/clear`](../../messaging.md#server--client-streamclear) listing the `announcement` role.

> ### Server → Client: `stream/clear` announcement

Reviewer: lets drop this, don't see a use case where `stream/clear` should be used instead of a `stream/end`.

When [`stream/clear`](../../messaging.md#server--client-streamclear) explicitly lists the `announcement` role, clients drop all buffered announcement audio and continue with announcement chunks received after this message. The stream and the ducking state stay active. A `stream/clear` that omits the `roles` field is a media seek and does NOT affect the announcement stream.

### Server → Client: `stream/end` announcement

When [`stream/end`](../../messaging.md#server--client-streamend) lists the `announcement` role (or omits `roles`, which ends all active streams), the announcement stream is over: clients stop announcement output, discard any remaining buffered announcement audio, release the ducking (ramped over `duck_ramp_ms`), and report `state: 'idle'` if they report announcement state.

### Server → Client: Announcement Chunks (Binary)

Binary messages SHOULD be rejected if there is no active announcement stream or the client is not [`available`](../../messaging.md#client--server-clientstate).

- Byte 0: message type `24` (uint8)

> - Bytes 1-8: timestamp (big-endian int64) - server clock time in microseconds when the first sample should be output

Reviewer: We can drop the timestamp here and instead have a single timestamp in `stream/start`.
The client will just play them continuously and it's easier to implement the case where it arrived too late (since you just play them continuously).
And it will still start in sync with a best effort mechanism. Not having `stream/clear` support also closes edge cases.

> - Rest of bytes: encoded audio frame

Reviewer: This doesn't define how data (and PCM) is encoded. See player/v1.md.

Unlike media audio, announcement chunks are not sync-critical and MUST NOT be dropped for being late: the client SHOULD begin output at the first chunk's timestamp (translated via [clock synchronization](../../messaging.md#clock-synchronization)), or as soon as possible if that time has passed, and plays mid-stream chunks continuously in order. The [player sync accuracy rules](../player/v1.md#playback-synchronization) do not apply to announcement output.

## Announcement Playback Behavior

### Mixing and Ducking

A client with both an active media stream and an active announcement stream outputs both concurrently, mixed locally. The gain stages are ordered as follows:

1. `media_duck_db` applies to the media signal only, before mixing.
2. The announcement `volume` (when present) applies to the announcement signal only, before mixing. Since master volume is applied after the mix, the client compensates the announcement gain so the announcement is rendered at the loudness that master volume `volume` would produce. Implementations MAY snapshot the master volume at announcement start for this compensation.

> 3. The master volume and mute of the [player role](../player/v1.md#client--server-clientstate-player-object) apply to the mixed output. Announcements are therefore silenced on a muted client.

Reviewer: Line 6 says this can be advertised standalone, but then there's no player object and no volume or mute at all.

Reviewer 2: I suspect that being able to override the mute on a media playback stream so the announcement can be heard (i.e. media playback stays muted, only announcement is audible) might be preferred in some cases.

Might need to be optional, so people can decide in automations on a case-by-case basis (e.g. consider time of day, room occupation, etc.)

> Starting an announcement stream MUST NOT pause, stop, mute, or shift the timeline of the client's media stream - ducking is a gain change only. This keeps a grouped client's media playback sample-identical with its group while it plays an announcement.

Reviewer: Nit: it was never sample-identical due to the small corrections to keep it in sync.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, re-wording this to say that the reason for this is to keep sync with other players in the group might be the right fix?

```suggestion
Starting an announcement stream MUST NOT pause, stop, mute, or shift the timeline of the client's media stream - ducking is a gain change only. This keeps a grouped client's media playback in sync with its group while it plays an announcement.
```

### Interaction with Media, Groups, and Other Roles

- Announcement streams are independent of group membership and of the media stream lifecycle: group changes, media `stream/start`, media-scoped `stream/clear`, and media `stream/end` do not affect an active announcement stream (ducking simply becomes a no-op when media ends). [`group/update`](../../messaging.md#server--client-groupupdate) describes the media group only.
- Announcement audio MUST NOT be reflected in visualizer or color output, and does not alter metadata or artwork state - those roles describe the media stream only.
- There is no `stream/request-format` for the announcement role: the server picks a fresh format from the client's `supported_formats` for every announcement.

### Server behavior for announcements

- The server MUST NOT send any announcement-scoped message (`stream/start` with an `announcement` object, `stream/clear`/`stream/end` listing `announcement`, or type `24` binary) to a client whose `active_roles` do not include the announcement role.

> - The chunk duration bounds of the player role apply (15-150 ms; see [Server Audio Send Constraints](../player/v1.md#server-audio-send-constraints)).

Reviewer: We try to limit cross role links since roles should be as self contained as possible.
Inline the 15-150ms here, same for `required_lead_time_ms`.

> - The first chunk's timestamp SHOULD be at least the client's announcement `required_lead_time_ms` (or the 500 ms default) past the `stream/start` server transmit time.

Reviewer: This ignores `duck_ramp_ms`

- `buffer_capacity` is a hard per-client byte limit on outstanding un-played compressed announcement audio.
- The server knows when the announcement has finished playing from its own timeline (the last chunk's end timestamp). For normal completion it SHOULD NOT send `stream/end` for the announcement role before that time has passed; sending it earlier is the abort path.

> - Announcements ride the client's admitted connection: the server allowed to stream media may announce. Letting a *second* server (e.g. a voice assistant) announce while another server streams media requires announcement-capable secondary connections in the [connection admission model](../../connection.md#multiple-servers-server-initiated) - a companion change tracked separately from this role.

Reviewer: This should belong in a PR description and/or issue instead of the spec IMO.

> - There is no negative acknowledgement; a client MAY silently ignore an announcement stream it cannot currently service.

Reviewer: this is client behavior, not server. move it to the lifecycle section.
